Automatic MergeSMR (#952)
anatawa12/AvatarOptimizer: CHANGELOG-PRERELEASE.md

  - That's why AAO now configures `Clamp BlendShapes (Deprecated)` to false in edit mode and true in play mode.
  - PlayMode is usually used for testing the avatar behavior so it's better to have the same setting as VRChat client.
  - If you want not to change this setting, please disable `Tools/Avatar Optimizer/Configure Clamp BlendShape Weight`.
- Automatic Merge Skinned Mesh `#952`
  - Trace and Optimize now automatically merges Skinned Meshes if possible.

>   - Trace and Optimize will merge your mesh if the material properties of the mesh is not animated and has no BlensShapes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Trace and Optimize will merge your mesh if the material properties or enablement of the mesh is animated similarly and has no BlendShapes.
```
